let's say this
hello friends I am going to present what
is the tutorial to make a small
Steam boat good materials that
can we use it will be a can
two flexible pots
Plasticine Free
silly kohn
and an extra silicon bar by itself
then scissors
and a piece of cardboard for the base
matches
a small piece of candle
now we will cut what is the can of
extreme extreme
this will serve us for what
make up the button
and because we use aluminum we use
aluminum because it's a way
way
to produce this steam since this does not
uses will not use will not serve as
boat engine
good now as next step
we will fold the aluminum in half
to give shape to what is the
engine
we cut it in half because it's
very big
well now the two extremes that we have
we'll save them for later
use them as a base as a species
of
after the cut part we doubled in
the side
on the right side and we make a
fold as part of it in
higher
this helps us not to have everything
sealed , the steam does not escape through the
small holes
As we can see here that we will
bending at the top
this
that is well thought out so that
so that steam does not come out
there
well this one was already this with the
play dough we can find it or
also with a silicone gun
the joke is this to try not to
have no benefit in the other part
of aluminum this
we put what is being the pots
so that I can go out there
the steam
that we are seeing as we introduce the
two pots
then we seal it with plasticine or
or with the silicone gun
we call them well to be firm firm
the silicone and that does not have any
air vent
after this we do we cut what
starting the base of the boat
of cardboard we cut well
the marked parts
well we are cutting what is coming
being the cardboard
this is this is what is being
the base of the boat
we cut
we will do the same with what has been
the piece of aluminum
there is the mold
this piece of aluminum is for you to
that is not going to get wet when
introduce the boat to the water that we
also serves to have a
better exploitation in the water
there we go cutting slowly
very carefully, do not let's go to
cut with him
with aluminum
that it looks good what has been the
mold of
of aluminum with carton
well there was this we hit it with
silicone
that is well stuck
Well, these are the basis of
ship
here we see already already stuck to the base
from the boat we make a hole where
fit the pots with this piece of
aluminum
this one we're going to be sticking
also to then hit what
it's been the little candle
there we go introducing what is coming
being pots
we will give you the mold
necessary this way for the candle
I can
can heat what is being the
aluminum
this we seal the part of the
hole in the base of the boat so that
can not penetrate what has been the
water because if we do not sink in there
we seal well well well and very well
let's continue there we are throwing
we take off the supports also what
is the base below
so that not so that it does not move and this
do not take this direction the ship towards
other side
that's how the ship was and our prototype
well well structured
good on the part of the evidence of
aluminum we will stick what comes
being the candle
the candle can be the size so that
be the necessary size
the size needed so you can
burn what is being aluminum
inside the pots we will enter a little
of water
before introducing it to
to the water to test the boat
there we are testing the prototype on
Steamboat
let's see how this is progressing
of misfortunes